# Graph Generative Models

## Introduction

This project aims to explore and implement various graph generative models to generate synthetic graphs that closely mimic the complex structures and properties of real-world networks. 

Through the application of models such as GANs for graphs and Variational Graph Autoencoders, we delve into the intricacies of network analysis and the simulation of social networks, among other applications.

## Table of Contents

- [About The Project](#about-the-project)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Examples of Generated Graphs](#examples-of-generated-graphs)

## About The Project

The core objective of this project is to understand and implement a variety of graph generative models that can create synthetic graphs, reflecting the complexities and nuances of networks in the real world. 

By exploring different models, including but not limited to Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) tailored for graph data, and Variational Graph Autoencoders, we aim to push the boundaries of network analysis, social network simulations, biological network modeling, and more.

## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running, follow these simple steps.

## Prerequisites

This project relies on several Python libraries, including TensorFlow or PyTorch for the backbone of neural network operations, PyTorch Geometric for graph neural network layers, and NetworkX along with matplotlib for graph visualization. 

Ensure these are installed by running:

```bash
pip install torch torch-geometric networkx matplotlib
```

Or, if you prefer using conda:

```bash
conda install pytorch torchvision torchaudio torch-geometric networkx matplotlib -c pytorch
```

## Installation

1. Clone the repo
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/Majid-Dev786/Graph-Generative-Models.git
   ```
2. Navigate to the project directory
   ```sh
   cd Graph-Generative-Models
   ```
3. (Optional) Set up a virtual environment and activate it
   ```sh
   python -m venv venv
   source venv/bin/activate  # On Windows use `venv\Scripts\activate`
   ```
4. Install the required packages
   ```sh
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

## Usage

To run the models, navigate to the project's root directory and execute:

```bash
python Graph Generative Models.py
```

Adjust parameters or select different models by modifying the script as needed. 

The output will include details about the loss during training and visualization of both original and generated graphs.

## Examples of Generated Graphs

Examples of synthetic graphs generated by the models can be found in the `examples` directory. 

To visualize these graphs, you can use the `visualize_graph` function included in the script, which employs matplotlib and NetworkX for graph rendering.
